Ethereum whales buy big as ETH bottom approaches, analysts predict
Ether ETFs are on track to reach $500 million in net outflows, but according to market analysts, the ETH bottom may be in.

Ether whales, or large holders, are accumulating the world’s second-largest currency, which, according to market analysts, could be near its local price bottom.

Ether whales have accumulated over 200,000 Ether 
ETH
tickers down
$2,638.40
 during the past four days, which is worth over $540 million, according to CryptoQuant data shared by popular analyst Satoshi Sniper in an Aug. 26 X post.

 The whale purchases come despite Ether’s sluggish price momentum, which saw the token fall over 4% in the 24 hours leading up to 12:37 pm UTC on Aug. 27 to trade at $2,627.

Traders often use the buying patterns of large holders to gauge the sentiment around the underlying asset. Whale transactions can exert a significant influence on an asset’s price due to the high amount of capital.

Related: Celsius distributes $2.5B to 251,000 creditors amid bankruptcy proceedings

Whales accumulate despite Ether ETFs nearing $500 million in outflows
Crypto whales continue accumulating Ether despite sluggish momentum from the spot Ether exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in the United States.

Since they launched, the nine US spot Ether ETFs have seen $478 million worth of cumulative net outflows, which is poised to reach the $500 million mark this week, according to Farside Investors data.

The Grayscale Ethereum Trust ETF accounted for most of those outflows, totaling $2.5 billion worth of Ether since the ETFs started trading on July 23.

Investors anticipated a significant price increase from the launch of the Ether ETFs. For Bitcoin 
BTC
tickers down
$67,874
 spot ETFs accounted for about 75% of new investment in the cryptocurrency by Feb. 15 as it surpassed the $50,000 mark.

The cumulative trading volume of Ether ETFs suggests that the demand from traditional investors hasn’t yet arrived, according to Matteo Greco, a research analyst at Fineqia International.

The analyst wrote in a research note shared with Cointelegraph:
Is the Ether bottom in?
Despite the continued Ether ETF outflows, the Ether price bottom may be in.

Popular market analyst CryptoBullet also expects the bottom to be in as long as Ether remains above the $2,500 mark. The analyst wrote in an Aug. 18 X post:
However, the $2,700 mark remains a significant resistance for the Ether price, which will be decisive for price action with Nvidia’s upcoming earnings report set for Aug. 28, according to Aurelie Barthere, principal research analyst at Nansen.

Ether could be setting up for a rally to the $3,000 psychological mark, according to popular analyst Titan of Crypto. He wrote in an Aug. 27 X post: